Welcome to the terms and conditions for
Sparx Notes, an extension designed to
assist you with your maths homework.
Please read these terms and conditions
carefully before using the extension.
By using Sparx Notes, you agree to be
bound by these terms and conditions.

Educational Use Only: Sparx Notes is
designed for educational purposes only.
It is intended to be used as a tool to
help you with your maths homework, but
not as a means of cheating.

No Affiliation with Sparx: Sparx Notes
is not affiliated with Sparx or any
other educational institution or
organization.

No Purchases: Sparx Notes does not
offer any purchases or additional
services. All features are available
for free.

Privacy Policy: Sparx Notes
collects login and answer data from
each user. This data is used to improve
the accuracy of the extension and to
provide you with a better experience.
We take the privacy of our users very
seriously and all confidential information 
is encrypted. We will not share any
personal information with third
parties.

No Liability: We do not guarantee the
accuracy of the answers provided by
Sparx Notes. We are not responsible for
any consequences that may arise from
the use of this extension.

Prohibited Conduct: You may not use
Sparx Notes to cheat or engage in any
other illegal or unethical conduct. We
reserve the right to terminate your use
of the extension if we suspect that you
are engaging in any prohibited
conduct.

Modification and Termination: We
reserve the right to modify or
terminate Sparx Notes at any time
without notice.

Governing Law: These terms and
conditions shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws
of the country in which you reside.

By using Sparx Notes, you agree to be
bound by these terms and conditions. If
you do not agree with any of these
terms and conditions, please do not use
the extension.